Collection Framework Java 
These are the basic pre - developed data structure that makes the coding part very easy  .
framework is the collection of file that are developed before and make the difficult stuff easy .

collection framework has a set of api and set of multiple interfaces . with the help of multiple interfaces , the collection framework is use to give a single interface .

there are two main framwork in java  :
1) collection 
2) map 
these are also called as the interfaces 
these interfaces like the collection has some basic method that inside the data strructure that make the task of addtion , subtraction and computation very esay  .
example of the collection interface is the list interface  
list<> l  = new list()<> ;
the method like the put , add , get makes the comptatiom easy 
Array list impplement the list interface hence all the list attirbute can be used by the arraylist 
collection and map has subinterface and these have subclasses that implments this interfaces 

The add , isEmpty  , full are the method that thesr interfaces provide .
We can also do the parent type and the value of the implementing class 
Example  :
list<Integer> LIST = new Linkedlist()<> ;

Vector : similar to arraylist with a few basic differences 
In the array list multiple thread can ascess the same object , or the object type . In the vector is a synchonised form of the array list 
Single thread can ascess the Vector in the java .

Main difference is that take 4 threads , all the 4 can ascess the array list , whereas in the vector only one. There is a abstraction in  the internal working of the person .
in the vector , if the thread one is working on the proejct  , then the thread 2 will be waiting  . The basis implememtation works in the same style , addition etc  .


Enumeration in java 
enums are used in java for the cosntant values and not for any other thing . when something is declared as enums , then that thing becomes constant  . 
The thing that are declared as enums are called as the enum constants .
Everything in this is a public static and final memeber . 

The enums uses something called as the ordinal this prints the first thing in the enums positon . 

enums has private and defualt implemenatation , and since we dont wish to make many object , there we uses the enums and wehen we call somehting this enums is called accordingly .

 enums are used only for a fixed group of objects and not for multiple objects . 
Also the enums objects are not the public or the protected , but they are only the private and final means they are encapsualted  .

All the enums extends the java.lang.enums pacakge or java.lang.enums class  . 
The enums can implement the interfaces also . 
Just have to override the methods  
Enums cannot extend anything and enum cannot be a super class as well 
The toString method in the class is overridern and this prints the method insdie the tostring method .
Ordinal is basciall;y the index  , or the order .  
Enums can also has the constructor  .
