Unified Modelling Language 

The uml stands for the unified modelling langauge used in the modelling of the software .
This is used to anaylze , design and implement the software .
This sepciafically includes the realtion between the classes.

class Diagram  :
1.use to represent the static structure . 
2. Use case : use to represent the actor and the platfrom relation  .

UML class Notation :
1.Class Name 
2. Class attributes 
3. Class Operations 


Important things to keep in the mind 
1.Modifiers
• Private: -
• Public: +
• Protected: #
• Static: Underlined

the abstract class are named in the italics  .
There are classes that are represented in this . 

Uml for the class relationship include :
1.association 
2.dependency 
3.inheritance 
4.compostion 


The use case diagram in the uml multiplicities  :
The interface aare shown with the name of the interface .
The + - are used in the class diagram to show the modifiers . 
The actor in the system is not a part of the system overall , this is associated with the system . 
The user is a system , not a part of the exisiting systme but it is a systme itself only and hence the there exist two system .  One is the usre stick adn the other is the normal system .
in thr user case there can be multiple figures possible hence there are possible several stick actors .
 
Use case relationships
● Association
● Generalization
● Extend
● Include

Assocation
The assocation cannot be between the any other thing and has to be between the use and the stick actor . 
This is represenated by a solid line .  


Generalization 
This can exist between the use and the use cases . This is the nerxt name for the inheritance and is used to show the parent and the child relation .  
This is represented by a solid dotted line with a hollow arrow . 
representted by the parent to the child .
and this is called as the parent of the child 
parent <--- child . 

Extends realtiionship

This is always between the use case only . This represent the optional behaviour or the frequently invoked cases those that are very very rarely used .
This is not very similar to inheiratnce or the generalization  .
This is represented by 
<<extends>> .keyword . 

<<Include >>
This is used in the not very seldom case and stuff like that . they are used in thge readily used topic and stuff . 



