Multithreading (Java Classes)
Multitasking : Ability to perfrom multi- task at the single time  .
Multiple - Application opened in a computer at a time and many process are running , then this is called as the Multi Tasking .
The above task is is excected using the context swich .

Use of the Multi tasking : 
1. Use to increase the cpu perfromance . 
2. Acheived using two ways  : Multi processing and Multi - Threading . 


Multi Processing :
When Multi process is connected to many cpu , to complete the running time , then it is called as the Multi -Processing .

These are connected to many cpu , hence the process can swich betweent eh cpu to complete the overall running time .
Multi - processing is suited at the 	Os level  . 

Multi threading 
Many threads  , lightweight process , subprocess of the process .  
In a process  , the sub processes are executed by the thread so that the cost is very les and the computing speed is very high  .

Many thread are executed at the single time  . 
Multi threading is very important .


Multi threading in Java  :
Use the thread to exectue the programs  :
1. Thread class 
2. Runnable interface .

The abovE API can be used for the overall exectuion 
The main method is made using the thread only , where the main method is just a thread running . 

Process and Thread  :
1. Proces : running program that is currently ececution . 
 Thread  : This is the subpart of the process . These are called as the sub - Task .  

2.	Context Switching : The Cpu has to execfute the process in the nano sceond , hence . 
Thread has no context swithcing 
 
3. Inter process communication  > Inter process communication take more time , inter thread has less time .


4. Address space  : each process has different space. 
Inside the threads the address space is shared .  

5. Dependency  : Process are independent of each other  .
Thread are dependent on each other  .

6. Syncronozation  : each process has a thread synconization  is important  , howerver in the thread it is not very imoportant . 

Resouce comsumption in the thread is less and more in the process . 
Time creation take more in the process then iun the threads. 
Time for the process termiantion is very much more than the time for the thread termination .



Thread creation methods  :
1 . Using the thread class 
2. Runnable interface .  

Thread is created in the java.lang package  .

Thread has the run method overirde .
Some important method :
1.start()  : is use to create thread .  
2. Run() : defines the task that the thread has to done . 

What is the life cycle of the thread  ?
five major steps :
1.create() the thread using the cvonstructor .  
2.Runnable part is the second stage of the thread  .
3.  Running stage the stage that is running . 
4. JVM wil allocate the processor using the thread schedular . 
The scehdular is a aprt of the jvm 
5. Dead state .  

Jvm dos the processor allocation in the schedualar . 

More on the runnable interface :
1. The first and the foremost method is the run  method in this interface .
2. The thread class interfnally implememts the runnable hence the class has the run is overrride .
